We will continue with the term now
Sexual correction because we want
achieve that for you as a driver
feel every speaker the same distance
that's actually written off at the moment
home
therefore has or men's concert is yes
you do not stand somehow as far as possible
further try it right or possible
in the middle to ask for it
you the stereo effect right as left
that feels the same distance away from you
That's the best you can do that
understand with the voice
music with one actually for the
has female voice and the times unfiltered
so without a time correction if you have the
eyes close me a bit on the
be focused on music
if I do not make any runtime correction
that pretty much s.der A-pillar
will stick because yes for you as a driver
your speakers on the driver's side
closer to it than the right one is what
Do you make us delay the exit from
the sound on the left opposite
the right one
We can do that with the sex tape because we
drive yes fully actively take care of that
do each speaker individually like that
so that's okay now
the delay by as much milliseconds
as a tweeter the midrange
Bisserl delay differently because he is yes
finally different
removed as the tweeter we can
make the whole whole page the same
but we can do any speaker
set individually and we can
here at our preset 1 at
time delay we can just now
go into each channel individually and
say how many inches is that
Directions or how many milliseconds
I want to delay you
we have now explained the
Preferences made for us
example now the front right
Tweeter is for us now
farthest away so take that as
reference all speakers all others
Speakers are closer to you than that
tweeter
So leave me at zero and all
others are delayed accordingly
because that's the farthest away
and at the level, practically everyone has to
bring others too
So you can do that with both things
Of course you can make a metal rod
take and the length simply from you
from the middle of your brain
so to speak take the meter and easy
measure the length from how far ahead
left to front right and give
the difference then enter as the term
correction as centimeter accurate and
then calculated how much
milliseconds to be delayed and
I can do that for each one
make speakers and never as
reference my farthest rightmost
remote speaker
you can use our front system
that's it's crucial to set
with you in the car in there then he comes
merely nor the views, and we can
afterwards just continue with Total
connect to your system though
by that with you all loudspeakers
really all in the front area
have different distances
we can set each one individually
otherwise we could say in front
left is midrange and tweeter
somehow pretty close together then
Can you say that in the one as one
group together and can the whole
simply delay the group
yes but I use that from what the
Sexual everything can and do everyone
speaker individually front left have
We now, for example, at the court
lead 45 centimeters as a difference
We entered that from the outside
had
front left and 58 cm on the midrange
and just 62 cm woofer at the bottom
the wolf down there is mine with me
now with the values ​​to say that
are my values at that time ans
micro in sms meter stick meter bar easy
times running time is said that one
just have to listen because everyone
speaker has other data and values
and some dead ones I signal myself already
late or premature like another
loudspeaker spends so has the
meter rod not the only valid measure
yes this is just a rough guide
yes there you can say okay give that
Now, from time to time, there will be results
be really great but you can
even with the hearing continue working
if you just know where to go
got to
you can hear it all together too
do
that was the last result and now
That's why there is one here too
small difference between the
midrange and the tweeter was
namely felt tweeter farther away
is like the midrange at her
Nevertheless, I have the middle finger for this
larger numbers are required than for the
tweeter but we hang on
Now we can not do it now
here our centimeters for everyone
enter individual channels
left as right and just in the case
it is channel 12 are the tweeters 34
Midrange channel 5 and 6 are the
woofers in the door the deep
midrange and can have as 7 and 8
We are not delayed in that case and
are somehow come to the conclusion
The bass has also become the front here
system optimally added there and at most
Minimal chances are very difficult
then audible
maybe a minimal better
would give results
and that's how the term works
correction in sexually and if I do that
whole over exaggerates then I can
really this vote from far to the left
His column over to the far right
Run only through the term
correction and a runtime correction
say again is not a level increase
from the right so louder and right limb
I feel away because it just continues
I have to make a bit louder
with the same level on my ear
arrives that has the first moment
same effect that she says mine
voice automatically moves on
but right is just a digital
runtime correction without the level too
I only make the exit of the
I change the sound from the time
Here and there we only talk about
millisecond and then you can
really completely over hiking
let and for us or for you as
driver is now particularly useful
your vote in the middle of the
to bring dashboards
or I'll tell you about that
Steering wheel to bring because you see yes
straight forward and that's playing for you
left and right the stage relative
right from the distance
That is, Michael Jackson makes courage of
far left to the far right and sings
while but then you hear the well of
whiz through right and left
made his sound and that makes
so good
Auslage and that's what counts
An is sexually made by clear audio power
runtime correction of the finest and me
believe lokals now confirm after
what listen to me sessions have power
perfect carving okay what are we also
in the evening